Fix get_preferred_scheme detection for CPython 3.10 alpha (#10252)
pypa/pip: news/10252.bugfix.rst

> Modify the `sysconfig.get_preferred_scheme` function check to be
> compatible with CPython 3.10’s alphareleases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Modify the ``sysconfig.get_preferred_scheme`` function check to be
compatible with CPython 3.10’s alphareleases.
```

> Check if the sysconfig.get_preferred_scheme function
> exists in a different way. The original method relied
> on Python version but led to AttributeError on Python
> 3.10.alpha as the function was added in 3.10.beta.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Modify the `sysconfig.get_preferred_scheme` function check to be
compatible with CPython 3.10’s alphareleases.
```
